feat(APP-3714): Rename ODS library to gov-ui-kit (#313)
aragon/gov-ui-kit: CHANGELOG.md

-   Implement `DefinitionList` core component
-   Implement `TransactionDataListItem.Skeleton` module component

> -   Implement `GukCoreProvider`, `LinkBase` and `AvatarBase` core components to support `Link` and `Image` NextJs

Reviewer: I would keep these names here, on previous versions the component will still be called `OdsXYZ`. Instead we can add a new entry under `unreleased` as `Rename x component to y`.
Let's specify on the changelog that we're renaming these components and the css custom variables

-   Bump minor and patch dependencies of Github workflows
-   Expose `onValueChange` property on `Accordion` core component
-   Update type extensions for `Tabs.Root` core component to allow forward ref

> -   Update `GukModulesProvider` component to render the `GukCoreProvider` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Update `OdsModulesProvider` component to render the `OdsCoreProvider` context.
```

-   Implement animations for `Dialog` and `DialogAlert` components
-   Implement `DaoAvatar` and `MemberAvatar` module components

> -   Implement `GukModulesProvider` for using wagmi hooks on modules components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Implement `OdsModulesProvider` for using wagmi hooks on modules components
```
